     WANGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
          Hey, Dufus, I bet you didn't expect to get one of the
     fantastic letters ever again.  Happy preliminary 17th
     birthday.  Boston is really reaming the Mets right now.  Drew
     and I just had dominant growlies the likes of which God
     himself has never tasted.  And they feasted upon fresh
     fruits, flagrant fowl, orangutangs...  Skip a bit.
          Billy Joel has us truly inspired.  Listen to this.  Holy
     shit, Jesus Christ, God damn, mother fuck, still rock'n roll
     to me.      Pretty cool, huh?  Juiced your orange lately?
          Here's Spew!! Aloha motherfucker!  Hope your cheese has
     been dominant, and not moldy.  Any new hose lately?  Or just
     "the garden variety" hose.  I think we're ready for you to
     come down, in order for you to stay in Austin you have to
     pass the preliminary beer-bonging time of 4.78134 seconds.
     Once you've done this, you have to be rude and obnoxios (talk
     to Todd's roommate for instructions).  He tried to bend Todd
     over by making hobby horse riding moves towards this slut-
     bitch.  I think her name was Kathy Cecil, or maybe it was
     Steve.  I'm sure he didn't know which one.  Monika is coming
     down, so I'll be cheesing you guys on a part time basis.  But
     then again you'll probably be too wasted to notice anyway.
     Our shroom growths have exceede the mycelium stage and is
     procedding to the innoculation in grain level.  E.T.S.
     (estimated time of shroomin') is Thanksgiving.  I am
     currently blowing off a statistics test, don't laugh, I've
     been working hard on this all weekend.  Well our theory has
     held true all season long: Limit as Cowbays dominate,
     Longhorns approach cheezy fuckallness.  It has happened every
     single week.  Todd wants to talk, I don't know why he wants
     the keyboard...
          Drew got tooled today by me and the Cheesehawks.  One
     dollar for moi.  But it was cool cause now the Cheeseboys are
     tied for second in the NFCE.  We don,t think we'll go to
     sixth ST. on all hallows eve.  At least not as anything more
     than a UT student.  Tell that red headed vixen who hangs out
     with Oascar in the l-room, "HI."  Mike Schmidt say he don't
     need drugs.  If you on'em you be living a lie.  BOTTLE CAP
     WARS HAVE JUST BEGUN !!!!!!!!!!!
          The letter had to be discontinued due to the hazard of
     crashing this dominant letter.  I'm writing it a day later
     cuz I want you to do me a favor.  Do I want my dick
     sucked?.... NNNoooOOpe.  I want you to get my (formerly your)
     Intellivision and cartridges from my house and bring them
     forthwith and hitherto Austin.  Also, you need to put your
     alcohol order in before you get here, so Bob and I can go get
     it.  If you don't, it'll probably be Budweiser (Coronas
     aren't fitting my budget).  I've got to cheese to watch the
     dominant Jets school the Denver Cheezos on M. Night F-ball.
          Eyme bak.  Watching the fuckall Metz.  Bosox are going
     to dominate in the end.  Todd be over here, we plaid h-sack
     hard and now we're slamming brews at the 154 Beergarten (no
     weeds) only good beer.  Todd say to bring his Reckerds tape.
     So don't cheez or we'll strap the shit out of you.



     WANG                Thursday, April 26, 1990 9:15 am                 Page 3


     Remember this whenever you feel like cheezin' the world.
     Just stand up and shout, "APATHY!  APATHY! That's our cry,
     A - P - A -... aw fuckit!   For furure Texas games you
     attend, here's another one.  "Longhorns once, longhorns
     twice, God damn, Jesus Christ, Fight Fight Fight!".  Todd
     doesn't want to talk to you, he'd rather watch T.V. but I'm
     goin' to make him.
          Okay, this is the second time you and Drew have teamed
     up to prevent me from getting cheesehose.  There's a dominant
     chick named Libby with her legs spread waiting for me down
     the hall.  You owe me bud!        Semen's golden retriever,
     Semen's golden retriever.  It's low and it's high.   Thighs,
     thighs, thighs, thighs.  Me and La Choy shove, shove, shove
     that Semen's golden retriever.
          School sucks.  life sucks~~~~~~~~~~~~not enough women
     suck.  Horns suck.      Food sucks.   tv sucks.  Gravity
     sucks.  Vacuum cleanres suk.  Everything's goin ok i gess.
     Drew said I missspelled guess i said noshit.  gary carter
     really SUCKS.  gona b shroom'n hard t-giving zain't we?
     I'm fuck'n cheesing' but then this is todd's a penis day.
          Todd just cruised over to some canned fruit chick's room
     (Libby I think).  So I'm checkin' for underwear stains when
     he gits bak.  Fuckin' all night, takin' off clothes, future's
     so bright, I gotta get HOSED!!!!
          Letters goin' out today cuz I'm tired of reteievin' it.
     Hope you fuckin' enjoyed it.  See you next Thursday night.
